Microsoft Learn provides several interactive ways to get an introduction
to classic machine learning. These learning paths will get you
productive on their own, and also are an excellent base for moving on to
deep learning topics.

From the most basic classical machine learning models, to exploratory
data analysis and customizing architectures, you'll be guided by easy to
digest conceptual content and interactive Jupyter notebooks, all without
leaving your browser.

Choose your own path depending on your educational background and
interests.

### [**Option 1: The complete course: Foundations of data science for machine learning**](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/machine-learning-foundations-using-data-science/)

This path is recommended for most people. It has all the same modules as
the other two learning paths with a custom flow that maximizes
reinforcement of concepts. If you want to learn about both the
underlying concepts and how to get into building models with the most
common machine learning tools this path is for you. It\'s also the best
path if you plan to move beyond classic machine learning, and get an
education in deep learning and neural networks, which we only introduce
here.

### [**Option 2: The Understand data science for machine learning learning path**](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/understand-machine-learning/)

If you are looking to understand how machine learning works and don\'t
have much mathematical background then this path is for you. It makes no
assumptions about previous education (other than a light familiarity
with coding concepts) and teaches with code, metaphor, and visual that
give you the ah ha moment. It\'s hands-on, but focuses more on
understanding fundamentals and less on the power of the tools and
libraries available.

## **✔ Option 3: The Create machine learning models learning path**

If you already have some idea what machine learning is about or you have
a strong mathematical background you may best enjoy jumping right in to
the Create Machine Learning Models learning path. These modules teach
some machine learning concepts, but move fast so they can get to the
power of using tools like scikit-learn, TensorFlow, and PyTorch. This
learning path is also the best one for you if you\'re looking for just
enough familiarity to understand machine learning examples for products
like Azure ML or Azure Databricks.

✔ You are currently on this path, scroll down to begin.

This learning path helps prepare you for [Exam DP-100: Designing and
Implementing a Data Science Solution on
Azure.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-in/certifications/exams/dp-100)

## **Prerequisites**

This learning path assumes knowledge of basic mathematical concepts.
Some experience with Python is also beneficial.
